in my figma = "https://www.figma.com/design/4idKeLd2X0VEqtZL1SyOQM/Careers-United-App--Community-?node-id=287-59&p=f"
in the high fidelity page there is a pframe calle signup page according to the page i need to create the signup page with the role based access.when i click on the each tab with name it need to change the color tab according to the name i select as well. also when i click the back arrow it need to redirect to the onboarding page.in the sign up page there is aa drop doen and that drop down need to be displayed Maths Stream commerce stream,art stream,tech stream like wise.

sign up page there is a button called create free account it need to redirect to the sign in page(in figma it called as the auth page)that also need to be chnage the colors on each tab when i click on each name,
also the back button need to to direct to the onboarding page in the auth page.also when i click on the sign in button it need to redirect to the page called student ,parent ,admin,or counsellor dashboareds according to the dashboards.only need to create is the student dashboard only 

in the student dashboard i need to create the navigation bar as the same it is also that page has to be a scrollable one.add another card to under Top recomemded course ses and the make the page looks like scrollable.in the nav bar there are 4 parts calld home ,quiz courses profile.when i click on each inside the nav bar these are need to direct to the 4 diffrent page according to what i click on.the student nav bar need to created in side the component folder and need to connect with the student dashboard body. in the header there is a notification icon and the profile icon whenclick on profile icon it need to load the student profile page and when i cick on the notification i con need to load the notification.also when a new notification received it has to be appared in whiith the icon with red dot. other wise no need any doted icon.
in the attached image i showd what are the colors i used for the dashboard creation as well

also when sign in page ahen @ type the role of there need to be displaed inside the bar in the right corner(as exampple student with sighn up as savindi@gmail.com.when the sign in student type savindi@  befor type the other rest of the email the system need to go through thedb and find out the role of the user and show it in the corner on the emaiil address bar.)each role has be be role based access paent cannot login to the student accout or other accouunt like wise every user only can logging to the according there role only.also aftr logged in need to show awelcome back msg with from the side as pop up msg with the time logged in in dashbaird on each roals. 

i also uploaded the sigup sign in forget passord and the rest password ui as well also acccording to with rthe color codes they used.i need to create the same like wise in the images.in the sign in page there is a sign up one it when click on it need to redirect to the sign up page and in the sign in page there is a Back  button when click on it need to redirect to the sign in page and in the sign in page there is a forgot password button when click on it need to redirect to the forgot password page.

in the forgot password page when click on the send rest instryction button need to fredireect to reset password button and the when click on the back to sign in it need to redirect to the bqck to sign in page. back button need to redirect to sign in page. in the eamil address part in side the box the student @example.lk it is too high light. soo it has to be like wise in the sign in page image.

in the reset password page the back button has to redirect to the forgot pw page nad the rest password and sign in button need to redirect to the sign in page.also when the the passsword has the strong one it will appera and the bar filled like in the image and tell strong one. if not the requirements are filled it will tell as the meadiun or low medium with light clor and the low string is with the red color. when the sign in done the msg need to like green saing the "Password updated successfully! Redirecting to Sign In..." like a pop up msg or something.when the back end is connected  

also i need to create the about page .on the onboard page there is a button called lern more when click on it it need to redirect to the about page. in the about page thre is a button called get started when click on it it need to redirect to the onboarding page.



in the sign in page when click on admin bar it need to redirect to the admin portal and the in here when cclick on the authenticate the admin access need to redirect to the admin dashbaord.i uploaded the ui and the color codes according to the each page s as well.

in the admin dashbaord the admin nav bar has 5 parts overview,courrses,logs and the profile, settings.in the dashboard has a button called open the access logs dashboard and whwn click on it need to redirect to the access log page.you need to create a proprt profile page for admin whan click on profile icon on nav bar it need to redirect ro the profile page. also need to create a proper course and zcore page for admin to that need to have crud parts as well.,z core,island rank,distrcit rank,degree name, uni name,AL stream. also with the simple description about the degreen and the carrer path as well when you perseve this degree what you can getas job. like wise need to entern. only admin can edit bt others cannot.    
 also create a admin create account page as well. but even the account created untill the main admin accept the request to be admin the user cannot logging as an admin. also in the admin dashboard there is a notification logo when click on ti it need to load another page called notification from on here admin cann send notification to each users like wise whther student parent or counselleor.admin can create delete update parts in the notification as well. as exmaple when admin send a notification to the student it need to appered in the student dashbaord as a popo up msg when click on it can see the full msg and close it.users cannot send msg to the admin.
 alos in the user logs admin need to see as the list how logged at what time active ot not status what are the roles of them like wise part also need to included and also that should be a scrollable page.when admin click on sign out it need to redirect to the admin sign in page.also in the user accss log add some icon in the header to look on the in there admin can see what are the lock account blocked account and admin can unlock or unblocked them as well.
in the setting tab click on it need to open settings page and if need to have notification on off toggle bar.when a each user logged in admin will get a notification. soo if admin needs to turn off the notification it need to be using that toggle bar.also create a proper header for a admin dashboard like other pages 
 also in every sign up with google button lcik on need need to goo with the proper google auth action also add the proper jwt token as well to do these things. 

 since i told you every part of the it now you need to creat ethe properly frontend and the backend with all the crud parts. the dta need to be saved in the neon db and the i gave you the .env file as well.